Describe Overlay - dragOutsideBoundary and dragAndResizeArea (#2840)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxOverlay/1 Configuration/dragAndResizeArea.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies an element within whose boundaries users can drag and resize the {WidgetName}.

Reviewer: Let's add a link to dragOutsideBoundary.

> Specifies an element within whose boundaries users can drag and resize the {WidgetName}. Ignored if the [dragOutsideBoundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragOutsideBoundary) property is set to **true**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies an element with boundaries within which users can drag and resize the {WidgetName}. Ignored if the [dragOutsideBoundary](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragOutsideBoundary) property is set to **true**.
```
